Fix ajax (#13)
backdrop-contrib/mosaic_grid: README.md

- Justified responsive grid layout for images.
- Optimised image loading (lazy loading).

> - Captions that appear on mouse hover or static over the image bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Captions that appear over the image bottom, either statically, or on mouse hover.
```
